Add usage instructions to the README (#1)
niksirbi/sphinx-deployment-test: README.md

# Sphinx Deployment Test

This repository is used to test the build and deployment of 
NIU's Sphinx websites.

> We deploy most of our website by combining two of [our re-usable GitHub Actions](https://github.com/neuroinformatics-unit/actions) in a workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We deploy most of our websites by combining two of [our re-usable GitHub Actions](https://github.com/neuroinformatics-unit/actions) in a workflow:
```

- [build_sphinx_docs](https://github.com/neuroinformatics-unit/actions/tree/main/build_sphinx_docs)
- [deploy_sphinx_docs](https://github.com/neuroinformatics-unit/actions/tree/main/deploy_sphinx_docs)

Changes to these actions can potentially affect the deployment of our Sphinx websites. 

> This repository provides a safe environment to test the changes before applying them  in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository provides a safe environment to test the changes before applying them in production.
```

Reviewer: sorry my bad

> This repository allows us to test the changes before applying them to our main repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes to these actions can potentially affect the deployment of our Sphinx websites. 
This repository provides a safe environment to test the changes before applying them  in production.
```

## Usage

First create a Draft Pull Request (PR) to [our actions repository](https://github.com/neuroinformatics-unit/actions)

> with you desired changes. Let's assume the branch of your PR is `my-changes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with your desired changes. Let's assume the branch of your PR is `my-changes`.
```

Then, edit the [workflow file](.github/workflows/docs_build_and_deploy.yml) in this repository.
Replace the respective action links with:
```yaml
- uses: neuroinformatics-unit/actions/build_sphinx_docs@my-changes
# and/or
- uses: neuroinformatics-unit/actions/deploy_sphinx_docs@my-changes
```

Make sure the rest of the workflow closely reflects the one used in the target repository,

> i.e. the one you intend to actually deploy with the updated actions.

Reviewer: not sure what "the one" is referring to

Author: Perhaps "Make sure the rest of the workflow closely reflects the CI workflows we use in production"?

This is a bit tricky, because although most of our websites use very similar docs workflows, they are not identical.

Reviewer: "Make sure the rest of the workflow closely reflects the CI workflows used in production" ?

Finally, push the changes to this repository and wait for the build step to successfully complete in CI.
If you also want to test the deployment step, you may need to trigger it via manual workflow dispatch
or via pushing a tag to the `main` branch (depending on the workflow configuration).

> You probably also want to examine the deployed test website at <http://neuroinformatics.dev/sphinx-deployment-test/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also examine the deployed test website at <http://neuroinformatics.dev/sphinx-deployment-test/>
```
